what okay stop no you're eating for I
gotta go okay we're doing madona
challenge how many times you can eat in
three minutes I got was gonna suck
itself no don't don't touch them shut no
these are mine and you're not alone with
your hands ready all right I can't wave
and lips you cannot lick lick lick your
lips any54321 yeah that's a double
whammy oh oh oh what time are we at okay
you're on track
Oh mom you need to swallow first you're
gonna die too dominance in two minutes
can you do it
the jenna Marbles oh yeah that's like
the krispy kreme doughnuts a Dunkin
Donuts Charlotte Krispy Kreme yeah you
have to run like yeah a bit do you like
eat six and then run and the neat six
more you eat those 12 didn't they do
that at the beginning of the year hmm
then they do that in like October I
don't even think I'm like worried oh god
yes no we don't have to me I have to be
fully gone by the three minutes are you
lose more wrong you're going to not make
it did you do it I'm gonna have a drink
that's just another three more than I
can do 10 years I won't talk to you if
you don't do the donut challenge right
now
cute and if you have time to spare you
can do the dry ones do yeah I think have
you done this to really make me about
two minutes to you one doughnut okay go
come be coming into it oh ok four three
two one come on 08
see I like a one donut no signs and
things over I'm good poop all over her
room are aware i'd like to show the
would you do clogged the toilet again
she did not a little bug yeah she
started to come on do it will see 5
anywhere would I've barely made for go
to go please wrap it up
I haven't I follow rules I'm lips
looking pretty tireless there know how
do I break my dog she puts it in the
window Duchess of York no pun intended
Sharon name first name level what I said
the notice of Cambridge and I share oh
yeah I said Duchess of York live in New
York and working my got all this start
hello historic called Kate Middleton
shop on your face take you to the face
going hard in the paint no you don't
quit okay quit shoving your face is
smash it do it please for dramatic
effect imagine your buddies oh do it
come on quit I left out on the table I'm
over here Gaghan what have to finish
that donut you got your mouth on it you
can't throw it out it's a waste of a
diner three doughnuts maybe along a
little coke on your lip there